# Life ain't so great
Yeah, there'll be dots in the mud
# And life ain't Hollywood
for any one of us
# If ever you're in doubt,
just get your wings out
# It's alright, darling,
get your wriggle on
# Somewhere else. #
Connor's dick is big.
Not the 'come through
up out your mouth
'and destroy your organs on the way'
kind of big,
which I have seen on Heavy-R -
which I do not want.
Connor's dick is pink.
And that is...interesting.
Sort of reminds me
of raw chicken skin -
but I try not to think about that.
Instead, I go with
'a long, pink balloon'
that's now, finally, gonna
contend with my vagina.
Mmm.
I want it.
Come on.
(GRUNTS)
I want it now!
Agh! I'm...I'm sorry. I...I just...
Ugh! I just...
I don't want to...
You know.
(SIGHS) Dunno, man, you're...
...you...you're just...
..so...pure.
I don't understand.
Do you understand?
Yeah. Yeah.
CANDICE: You ARE too pure.
You need to sext him, bruv.
I am not pure. I am dirty.
(CLICK!)
I've done it.
Send it, yeah?
Alright. Let's move on.
Blow-job selfie.
You're watching, yeah?
(CLICK!)
Alright, your turn.
Forget you're a virgin
and channel your slut.
Do you want to suck his dick
or...or smile at it?
I don't... Neither.
(SIGHS)
Tracey, he wants you
to push your pussy in his face
like you're about to take
a shit on it.
He wants to get his nose
all up in there.
Nah, I don't know who told you
it was common, this thing...
The selfie is the theory exam
to the driving test
and you're 100% not ready
to take the driving test, bruv!
You need to do some research.
I think you should talk to Mum
about what you were watching
the other night.
What...what was I watching?
(ALL MOAN)
WOMAN: (ON VIDEO)
Oh, yes, mister - in my arse.
This feels so good!
(MAN MOANS ON VIDEO)
I won't tell so long as
the next word you utter is 'yes'.
May I borrow your laptop, please?
Your laptop, can I borrow, may I?
What are you doing?
Asking questions repetitively
signifies importance.
OK, so, this method isn't
yielding the results that I...
Do you want my laptop?
Yes.
Well, take it.
OK.
Say thank you.
You're welcome.
OK.
Yes.
God.
Agh! What...what you doing?
Trying to give you a blow job!
Why?
Because I want to.
I thought you weren't into
that sort of thing.
Will you just sit down
so I can do it? Come on.
Whew.
Alright, uh...
I'm gonna take your penis
out now. OK?
Yeah, yeah, OK.
OK? Cool.
Oh! It's, uh...
Uh...
It's very relaxed.
And I'd say
give me a bit of dirty talk
but I know that's not your thing.
(SNORTS) Yeah. Yeah, it is. It's...
I thought it wasn't.
Yeah, well, maybe there's
a lot of things that you think
that you need to not,
uh, 'cause it's not...
I do like that...doing that.
Excuse me. I'm gonna do it now.
Alright.
Thank you. Um...
Uh...
Hello, penis.
Split my bum cheeks.
Tear up my, uh, bum hole,
until it's...it's...it's wide enough
for the...the head on your neck
to...to pop in,
and...take a look at the view
inside of my broken...bum cheeks.
It didn't work.
OK, so that time, it didn't work.
Oh, dear.
(BLOWS)
Oh! Ooh!
No.
That's... It's quite cold.
The electrician's coming
to fix the shower tomorrow.
I told him anytime before 1:00,
so I need you to be awake.
What, you gearing up
for a titty fuck?
Oh, don't leave, Mum!
Where are you...where are you going?
Get this - turns out,
I have a job!
Oh. There you go.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's this place that I go
that keeps us inside a flat
and outside arrears.
Tracey, put your clothes back on.
No, don't mind me.
No, let's have this out.
Someone has to buy your useless
notepads and pencils.
I'll see you later, yeah?
It ain't me, it's Mum -
She wants to talk.
No, she don't.
Girl to girl, you can't titty-fuck
with tits like yours.
You've got the tits
of a 40-year-old with triplets.
Now, I'm just saying.
Not being funny.
Mum! I ain't done with this!
Oh, shut it!
Stop walking away from me.
Can we talk about this later?
(MAN MOANS ON VIDEO)
(WOMAN MOANS ON VIDEO)
(YELPS, MOANS)
(MOANS, SQUEALS)
(MOANS)
(SIGHS)
KRISTY: This better
fucking be human hair.
CANDICE: Of course it is.
Kristy, uh, how much
were your, um...?
Oh, mate, ain't even worth it.
Three years saving up Job Seekers'
Allowance just for the cheap ones.
I can flip 'em back to front.
It's my party trick.
What'd you ask her about that for?
Um, Connor's mum said...
Oh, I should've told you about
underwear time ago, you know, babe.
What?
It's just that...
I told you to tell her
numerous times.
Wh-what is wrong with my boobies?
They droop.
KARLY: No, don't be out of order.
They're like earrings.
No, earrings dangle. Her tits droop.
'Cause you're always
running for the bus.
You are!
And when you do, I worry -
I think to myself
"They're gonna be scraping the floor
in half a decade."
All any man wants
is cooked meals and good boobs.
Yeah. And if not GOOD boobs,
four of 'em.
Tell me about it.
"Babes, I been thinking about
a threesome, you know."
They...they all want a threesome?
Yeah, but never with John or Mark.
Yeah. Nah, nah -
'cause they're biblical names.
'Cause they're guys!
Listen, if I said
to any straight man,
"Let's find another guy on 3zup
"and I'll wiggle my clit
while you two kiss each other,"
he'd die instantly.
Yeah. He'd die instantly, yeah.
And I would laugh,
like, at his funeral.
(LAUGHS) Imagine...
..if he didn't even know
what 3zup was!
Hey, Esther, like, what would
you say, like, over his grave, like,
to explain what it was?
Oh, bless.
If you are looking for a threesome,
you can find two other people
who are also looking,
or one other, if you're a couple.
3zup!
3zup.
It's an app.
Ah. Thank you, Esther.
(CHUCKLES)
CANDICE: Yeah, why is a threesome
with a man so ridiculous
but one with a woman
so obviously possible?
KARLY: As long as she's
uglier than me, I don't mind.
Ugly, pretty -
I'm fine with my cockatoo.
Yeah, why do I have to like
another girl's breasts
just 'cause I like my own?
Exactly.
You've got a dick, it don't mean
you want one for dinner.
I have to say that I am partial
to a bit of cunt.
(KRISTY AND KARLY LAUGH)
Nan!
Just as a starter.
(LAUGHS)
ESTHER: About 1965, I was 16,
and me and the swim coach
were the last to leave.
She leans over and kisses me
on the lips, all of a sudden,
right on the street.
(PHONE CHIMES)
Down there, round the corner.
Oh!
It's 3zup. I got...I got a message.
Sasha. She's kinky,
experimental, 26, bi.
I...I don't understand -
she was saying, "Hi, greetings,
I'm Sasha," not "Bye."
Anyway, she looks nice.
She's eating soup in her picture.
That's nice.
She likes Buzzfeed,
doodling and kale chips.
Yeah, she's nice. I'll pick this one.
(PHONE CHIMES)
Then she pulled up my skirt,
she kneeled down...
..saliva'd my vaginals...
(PHONE CHIMES)
..and injected her middle finger up
as far up it as it would go...
"Neutral location, e.g. HOTEL"?!
You know what?
I'm gonna make it happen.
..pumping it back and forth
in my pum.
I carry that night.
(PHONE CHIMES)
That was quick.
Three-way sex. "Yay," she said.
I'm gonna have a threesome
to get my twosome.
Sometimes, you've gotta
what you gotta do, innit?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah!
(RAPS) # Gonna bang him,
he's gonna bang me
# Gonna lose my virginity
# I'm 24, tits are saggy
# But tits down, see me, he's happy
# Hey-hey! Here we go,
3zup, what's up! Hey-hey! #
What are you doing?
Oh, just...itching my leg, yeah.
Yeah, I think I got bitten
by something.
A unicorn is a single girl
willing to have a threesome
with a straight couple.
They're so rare
they're called unicorns.
And I found one.
Not 'cause of luck, nah,
but because, when I want something,
I go out there
and I grab the unicorn by its horns
and that unicorn is mine.
No joke.
I even got a hotel for £14, bruv!
Why aren't I on The Apprentice
or something?
Here! Pound to spare?
I've gotta feed my kid.
I'm not a druggie, I swear.
Oh, nah, nah. Sorry.
Actually, I'm lost.
I'm looking for 48 Ferndell Road.
It's here.
No, I'm looking for flats.
Oh, Airbnb?
Yes...?
I'm Doreen. We've been messaging.
I'll take you in.
That's...that's a butcher's.
Yeah. It's out the back.
(FLIES BUZZ)
Um...
OK, uh...
It looks really different
to the pictures online.
Well, what do you want to do?
'Cause we don't do refunds.
Where's the bathroom?
You said you wanted A room, not TWO.
If you want two I can try and sort
it out, but it'll be another...
No, no. It will be...fine.
What do you want it for, anyways?
A threesome.
The usual.
Right. There's a couple
of condoms in the corner.
You might have to sift
through the used ones.
Thank you!
But if you want a fresh one,
that's an additional charge.
Yeah. Yeah, thank you.
You know why? 'Cause it's dirty.
And I'm dirty - and not pure.
Planned this. I planned it.
I planned all this.
All this.
Uh...
Dirty. Love it. Mm! Mm!
(WHIMPERS)
Forgive me.
Mm. Ohhhhhhhh...
WOMAN: OK, that's her. Stop.
I said stop!
MAN: Jeez, Louise.
They say it's next door -
the amount of traffic in between
makes it feel like Surrey's
on a different continent.
Nice to meet you, Tracey. I'm Henry.
You...you alright, Henry?
So, the other guy
is Caucasian, right?
'Cause he looked Caucasian
in the photo.
Please, darling, just keep an eye
on your purse this time.
Not outside the privacy
of our own home, OK?
This one's my friend.
But what about the other
black people at the party?
Dad, you can get out of my life NOW.
Have fun, darling.
Don't drink too much -
we're not paying for
your stomach to be pumped again.
I'm not listening!
Bye!
Bye.
You alright, unicorn?
Sorry, these are literally
really good.
Like, I couldn't hear anything.
So, the guy other guy
IS white, right?
Yeah.
Tracey, I'm gonna be honest
with you - I'm already wet.
Not you, not you...
Eugh! Oh, no. No. Yuck.
That's disgusting.
Father, forgive me yet guide me.
Ooh.
Uh...
Hello? Can you hear me?
Can you see me?
Yes.
Why did you have to be so beautiful?
Oh, dear.
What are you wearing?
I'm wearing my favourite green bl...
Can you angle the camera
at your penis?
Uh... Oh, you've got pants on.
I'm gonna have to go now.
(SOBS)
I'm gonna kill myself!
Right.
TRACEY: Ready?
Yeah.
Surprise!
Why are we here? What's that?
Uh, she's a unicorn.
Eh?
She wants to have sex with both of us
at the same time for free.
Eh?
Aaaaah! Mm!
(LAUGHS)
What's her name?
Uh, it's, uh, Sasha.
Sasha.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Why here?
Because...
.I. like it dirty.
Mm-hm.
Hello.
Sex scenes from 12 Years A Slave
entering my mind via my vagina
as we speak.
Hey, bro. Sasha.
Hello.
Hm?
(QUIETLY) Can we...
can we talk, please?
Yeah.
Sasha, can you put your...?
What's up, babe?
Well...
..first things first,
the unicorn's got leprosy.
No, she...
It's just a scratch.
Nah, no, no. I ain't on it.
Oh, f...
Oh, shit.
Ah, sh...
Ah!
Ahh.
I suppose I developed
a kind of numbness to it all,
the loneliness,
living my life
through this stupid screen...
(SNIFFLES)
..watching girls like yourself.
That's incorrect. I'm not part
of that group of women, so...
You're the only person in my life.
Please don't go!
Don't go, don't go...
Who's in there with you?
No-one, I'm just trying to look for
a way out of the conversation.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I didn't know you liked girls.
I don't, I don't.
Hey! Mmm, Sasha, we are so buff.
But, oh, that's your hands on my...
OK. Oh, you're taking it...?
But what if I don't want to?
I might not want...
Too late. There goes my bra.
Those are nice.
Very tweakable nipples.
Where did you get those from?
Hey, hey, your bra, put it back on.
What?
Put your bra back on.
OK. Yes.
Hide your boobies.
You're supposed to be helping me
lose MY v-reg, not YOUR v-reg.
Supposed to be helping me, blud.
OK.
What kind of unicorn are you?
Hey... Hey!
What?
My dad's not coming
till the morning, OK, my love?
Henry. Henry. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Which means we've got all night,
yeah?
OK, yeah, yeah. Alright.
Uh-huh.
By the way, I have cold sores.
Do you really? I didn't...
Yeah. Yeah.
Dodge the face.
Ooh!
I can't lie, this is...
This is a bit hot.
Why don't you come on in here, bro?
Oh, alright.
Don't you have a family?
I used to but, um, now they hate me.
Ah, I've been where you are.
My sister acts like
she doesn't like me
but I know
that I'm her greatest friend.
The last time I saw my sister,
I was on my knees and I cried.
Then she threw
a ham sandwich in my face!
OK, no, not quite the same, then -
we don't eat pork.
Not so pure now, am I?
No.
No, you've always been
a dirty bitch.
Sorry, one second.
First of all, I'm not a bitch, OK?
Second of all,
you said I was too pure to penetrate.
I never said that!
Oh!
Alright, babe, just chill out, yeah?
Just chill out, man!
Yes, you did. That's the whole reason
I got the unicorn in the first place.
Unicorn? That sounds fun.
What is that?
Like a cowboy thing?
Yeah, something like this.
Look, Connor,
you didn't want to have sex before
and now you want to have sex.
The only difference is her.
Look, I know I've dangly boobs, OK?
Is it my boobs?
I'm going to buy a bra with a wire.
I'm going to buy the wire bra, yeah?
Oh, I love them.
(GROANS)
Ooh!
Oh, no.
(STRAINS)
I think I should go.
No, no, no,
you just cry right there.
You look so beautiful when you cry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Are you scared?
Yes.
Would you like to touch yourself
a little bit while you cry?
No.
Fine, I'll just wank one out.
What...? What?
I'll jump off, and when I go blue
and can no longer
hold on to my dick, scream stop.
What? I don't understand...
One, two,
three.
(GAGS)
(GRUNTS)
Stop! STOP!
(GROANS)
Ah! That was great,
that was fucking great.
Wasn't it?
Again. Now. Yeah?
(GRUNTS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
Go on, then, you've got one.
You've got a dick.
Do you know what to do
with the next man's dick, Connor?
You, Lupita.
Who?
Don't worry, bro,
would never have left you out.
You get the big one.
Ha!
Thank you.
What's it for?
I don't know!
Obviously I don't know.
Ah, I'm losing my boner.
It's not the spoons, is it?
I just...
Over the last couple of months
I keep getting this
"Don't fuck up, don't fuck up" thing
in my head, and then I just lose it.
Mm-hmm. OK.
Oh, nope. Yeah, not that, Sash.
Just close them up.
Can I talk to you?
Can I...? Normal conversation,
please. Great. Thanks.
Look, my boyfriend,
he can't get it...
Oh, erectile dysfunction?
No, no, no, definitely not.
Let's use toys.
I just wanted him to bust my vulva.
Hey, hey, hey,
you escaped Michael Fassbender, this
is yet another struggle to overcome.
Sasha, who are all these people?
Tracey, look at the gays, OK?
Bum sex is rarely
the order of the day.
They do loads of other shit,
they use loads of other bits.
Stop making his dick
the centre of sex -
dick-centric sex sucks.
Oh.
No, no. I don't want that.
# Jesus, you are the only one... #
Jesus...
Hallelujah.
Jesus!
Ha!
Ah-hah!
(PANTS)
It's just the two of us now, babe.
Just relax.
OK.
Oh...
Oh, I see.
That's actually something else.
That's quite nice.
Um...
Ooh.
Connor?
Yeah?
What do I do if I need to fart?
(MUMBLES INDISTINCTLY)
I'm just aware of how close
you are to my bum...
..hole...
Ho, ho, ho, ho. Ho! Hoh!
(EXCLAIMS UNINTELLIGIBLY)
Tracey, I'm still hard.
Oh.
Yeah?
Shall we do it?
Oh, OK. Yeah.
You're so beautiful.
OK, I think I'm ready.
OK.
Ow! OW!
Ah!
What? What? That was just the tip.
Oh, my God.
Just do the thing with the tongue.
Please just do that again.
That's very nice. Not that one.
Fair enough.
Guys, you sound so hot right now.
Oh, Sasha, chill, man.
Captions by Red Bee Media
Copyright Australian
Broadcasting Corporation